# On Keima and Adhering to Gender Roles
Created: 2022-07-07 21:32
Status: #idea
Tags:

Previous: [[Kei's Character Arc_ Masculine Identity]]

---

Keima's is shamelessly a critique on how adhering to a role or an ideal can break one to the point of causing trauma. Keima's ideals he has been trying to live up to: Masculine ideals, how a man should behave. This one actually embeds another, allosexual ideals. A man must portray sexual attraction and take the lead during sexual intimacy. They must also use their genitals for pleasure but only as a tool for their partner to be pleased.

Since early on, Keima shows signs of being unable to live up manly ideals. He identifies as asexual. He doesn't feel sexual attraction, and he's also sex-repulsed. He doesn't like the idea of having sex. He made this conclusions as a teen and felt proud and comfortable of his identity. The Kei/Kiyo dichotomy mirror heterosexual man/woman ideals. Kei is energetic, confident, and friendly while Kiyo is quiet, meek, and subservient. Even as children, they acknowledged this dynamic in their relationship and Keima preferred having Kiyo by his side rather than "an actual girl" who he believed were needy and clingy in addition. ^kei-aroace-labels

After Keima and Kiyoshi became a couple, their opposing views on intimacy became clearer. Keima had convinced Kiyoshi to put their first kiss hold. After reality sank into Kei's hormone-filles brain. He realized he was going to kiss a boy. His masculine ideal didn't include anything related to same-sex relationships, in fact, it was *against* it. At some point in his life, Kei had deemed romantic or sexual actions between masculine people are abnormal and wrong. So, he couldn't kiss Kiyoshi because he didn't want to be abnormal. Keima didn't want this abnormality to be justification to be ostracized. However, this were a teen's thoughts about how the world works, for everyone who knew of their relationship at that time approved of it: Kiyoshi's reliable adult figure Hoshino-san, Keima's friend Itsuki, Hisako, and Kiri. Most of them were queer themselves too. Yet, Keima's priority was to live up to the masculine standards he had already accepted to protect this person he was dating. The reality that they were only mimicking a heterosexual couple that they would never be seen as one was a great shock and brought a lot of distress.

Until then, cuddling with Kiyoshi was easy. It was a man's duty to comfort a woman, they must always be willing to give physical affection. But now, Kiyoshi's affections were proof they were a gay couple, and the dissonance in Keima's head brought waves of disgust and rejection. Their relationship strained while they tried to keep it functional.

There was a breakthrough the day Kiyoshi asked Keima to sleep over at his place. Psychologically, Keima's distress was triggered during same-sex intimacy. Hanging out with Kiyo in a "friend way" was okay for Keima. He interpreted Kiyoshi's invitation as platonic, naturally shocked and cautious when Kiyoshi, much older than their kid selves, sneaked to Kei's futon. They weren't at the age were sleeping on the same bed was platonic and had no meaning behind it. With Kiyoshi, displays of physical affection were always romantic or sexual, whether or not Keima thought the same.

Despite Keima's rejection, Kiyoshi was clear in his advances and desires. At that moment, Keima could only see Kiyoshi as a romantic partner. On a little side note, Kiyoshi, despite being assertive in intimacy, didn't lead them. He asked Keima to give him what he wanted, and Keima did. That's how it works for them. That night, Kiyoshi asked for affection. Keima felt pressure to do it, despite his clear disgust towards it. However, he's under the idea that a man must always give when their partner asks for intimacy. Rejection made them a failure. Hence, a contradiction was living in Keima's mind: the idea that he must provide (emotionally and sexually), and the idea that he must not do homosexual acts. Both of choice he could take were unacceptable to his masculine ideal: he could kiss Kiyoshi and do a homosexual act, or he could reject Kiyoshi and fail to provide the affection his partner wanted. This was the contradiction he was living in.

When their argument heated and Kiyoshi started crying, Keima felt guilty. He loved Kiyoshi. Keima didn't want to hurt him. He was surprised to hear Kiyoshi saying that he wasn't crying because he was hurt, but that the tears he was shedding were his love for Krima that his body couldn't contain. Kiyoshi wanted intimacy because those dear feelings tugged him to, and being rejected prevented those feelings to find an outlet. He wanted to touch Keima because he loved him. That love filled Kiyoshi's body and was spilling down his cheeks.

Perhaps it was that physical manifestation, a reassurance that he was loved beyond sex, that lifted Keima's mental block. It disappear like smoke before Keima leaned in and pushed Kiyoshi to their futon in a messy make out session. Their first of many.

Keima loved Kiyoshi. That was all that mattered. With that confidence, they could cuddle and hug, even if eventually Keima felt a little awkward about initiating kisses. He was still rejecting any sort of homosexual actions. Keima compromised by telling Kiyoshi Kiyoshi could kiss him if Kiyoshi needed or wanted a kiss. Keima's apprehension to boyxboy romance wasn't going away anytime soon.

Sexual intimacy was inadvertently pushed back a few years, as Kiyoshi's trauma resurfaced. Keima was supportive of him, but it wasn't lost on neither that Keima prefered it like that.

As apprehensive as he was, Keima knew it was gonna happen someday. Kiyoshi wanted it, and because had to be a man, he had to please. It was the first time he used a special date for a relationship milestone he didn't care about. Kiyoshi's eighteenth birthday was an excuse Keima used on himself to forcing giving Kiyoshi something "special." It was an emotionally distressing experience, but when Kiyoshi thanked him, Keima told himself it was worth it at the moment. Then, his body rejected the experience, feeling disgusted and dirty. Hachi, his dog and emotional support, wasn't around anymore, so Keima faced this distress alone. Then, he went to Itsuki, who provided emotional comfort and validation. Keima felt understood.

Oh shit, I didn't even mention how height is also part of Keima's perception on manhood. As Kiyoshi's growth spurt surpassed him, they went through a period of discomfort as their self-assigned roles seemed to crumble. Kiyoshi was becoming less cute and taller, rapidly reaching Keima's height. They simplified their idea as a couple to their heights, where feminine was the shorter one and masculine the taller one. Of the many topics they argued about gender and sexuality, this was one of them. In Keima's mind, now a little more knowledgeable about same-sex relationship, considered being the shorter one meant he had to bottom. In the end, they rejected a change in dynamics but did experiment switching roles during sexual intimacy. Keima was mostly a top, resisting pleasure when receiving it.

Their last couple of highschool years were hectic with deciding their future. While they experimented with pleasure, penetration became a one-time offer at Keima's request. Kiyoshi was understanding, but it was clear he would have a hard time accepting sex wasn't going to be an option if Keima were to say it.

After they moved to the US, many of their sexual experience with penetration required a drunk Keima. It dulled his sense of disgust/discomfort and amplified the pleasure. It was the only way for Keima to enjoy sex at that time. However, it must be noted that Keima didn't only do it out of obligation. It was also an act of love. Keima told himself he might need to get used to doing sexual things, for he didn't mind doing it with the person he loved. There were parts about the process of love-making Kei enjoyed such as Kiyoshi's vulnerable expression and exploring Kiyoshi's body. Kei liked the physical aspects of foreplay. He also liked to pleasure his boyfriend (what he called Kiyoshi back then). It was penetration that Keima was uncomfortable at times, and he tried to find a way were both can feel good and satisfied. Kiyoshi knew Keima was compromising and supported Keima emotionally during sex.

Keima is brought to a corner when he and Kiyoshi are force to spend a long amount of time on their apartment (mirroring the first COVID wave back in 2020). Their close proximity and effort to entertain themselves leads them to having sex more often, which makes Kei do what makes him uncomfortable more often. With alcohol out of the equation, Keima has to face the distress head-on over and over. Additionally, Keima has always had low libido which makes their sexual session longer than necessary. Keima feels insecure and distressed about it because having a low libido means interacting with his dick more which causes him stress. This stress develops into premature ejaculation, building an effective cycle of stress and exposure to an undesirable situation that affects his self-worth, tied to his ideas of manhood. If Keima can't satisfy Kiyoshi sexually, he's no good as a man.

The cycle of stress, exposure, and insecurity leads to his breaking point. Kei can't fuck Kiyoshi anymore. He's scared and traumatized doing something he was uncomfortable from the start. Kei doesn't believe he has the right to complaint about his discomfort, or share his insecurities. After all, it was a role he took. This time, it wasn't a contradiction between providing and internalized homophobia but the insecurity that breeds from failing to provide. This is labeled as performance anxiety, a trauma Kei battles with the help of Kiyoshi and a counselor.

If Kei's masculine ideal accepted low libido and validated dynamic sexual preferences, he would have developed a trauma. If his masculine ideal also accepted an open discussion on the topic and vouched for emotional support over masculine insecurities, he would have been able to get help much sooner. In the end, Kei realized he would never be able to live up to that ideal. It rejects part of his sexual orientation, something he values a lot, and it brings his great distress.

Keima's character development from the moment he became a couple with Kiyoshi was on how flawed the heterosexual gender role he took upon himself was. Not only it rejected his asexuality and his genuine love for Kiyoshi early on but it restricted him to a single unchanging sexual role, one he didn't like the slightest. It is the feeling of being trapped that leads to feelings of helpless which eventually turn into depression and suicidal thoughts. He has been trying to live up to it since he was a kid. The reality that he will never live up to that standard leads to is destruction in his mind, something he wasn't prepared on but is forced to endure. Kei's journey to deconstruct his limiting concept of masculinity is both painful and necessary. He has no other concept as defining as masculinity. It is a destruction of his views on himself. Unfortunately, Kiyoshi can't help in answering the question: if I am not a man then, what am I? Because Kiyoshi is foreign to masculinity and rejects most of its forms. It is an answer Kei has to find for himself, ^[[[On Kei Kinning Binghe]]] [^2] but Kiyoshi is behind him all the way.

[^2]: [[FULL Kirishima Keima (College AU)#^bara]]

---

## References

1. 



