---
tags:: output/storychapter  
created:: 2022-06-30 15:25
status: draft/complete
draft: 1
---
up:: [[For the Freedom to Love Landing Page|Landing Page]]
# Introduction_ Speaking English is Hard_Pretty Boys Make College Life A Blessing

-----



---

Kiyoshi's new life began in an empty room. The mattresses on each side were bare, and the desks and bathroom sink were tidy.He dropped his case and bag on one of the beds, noticing the particular smell of air conditioning. Kiyoshi was going to be living with it for the next. . ."Four months; sixteen weeks," he said, "This is my new home." He broke in laughter, hugging his abdomen. His core trembled, spinning and flipping like a child.

While he busied himself with packing his belongings away, the door rattled. A young, tall person entered, carrying a forest green case and a stuffed backpack. They wore an oversized, fashionable shirt, green shorts, and a sunhat.

Kiyoshi froze. The stranger was like a model out of a Korean fashion magazine. A pale-skinned beauty with bright hazel eyes under auburn brown hair.

"Oh, hey! You're already here!" The stranger greeted with a lovely smile. "Are you my roommate? I'm Lian, by the way." They looked around the room. "Which is your bed?"

Kiyoshi scrambled for an introduction, "My name is Ryuugamine Kiyoshi. I'm Japanese. English is my second language." He finished with a swift, deep bow, feeling hot and sweaty, "I hope we can get along!"

"Same here! Uhh, lemme put my stuff down." The roommate strolled inside the room, settling the bags before leaving the room.

Kiyoshi gazed at the door until he realized Lian would come back at some point.

With Kiyoshi's limited English and heavy Japanese accent, they held delightful awkward conversations.

He couldn't help but compliment his roommate's outfit.

To his surprise, Lian thanked him in Japanese. "Anata wa kawaii desu, too." Lian groaned, "Anata wa mo. . . kawaii-desu!!"

Kiyoshi almost choked. This pretty and friendly person called him cute!

HE LOVED THEM!

Minutes passed. Their quarters filled with their belongings, giving the room a feeling of warmth. Compared to Lian's, Kiyoshi felt his side was lacking and bleak.

His roommate's side was colorful and full of personality while his side was minimal and. . .

Kiyoshi shook his head, opening a notebook to write down what he learned about Lian. His roommate was part Chinese, third-generation. He liked fashion, cheese, and food in general (like Kei).

Cute and easy to talk to, open-minded towards foreigners, and knew some Japanese. The previous exchange made Kiyoshi's cheeks burn. The phrase "the nicest thing someone has ever done for him" came to mind.

With a bright and childish smile, Lian agreed to eat lunch together.

"It's my first time," Kiyoshi commented as they entered the building, "School cafeteria."

"Sounds lewd." Lian's laugh turned to a wheeze.

Kiyoshi tilted his head.

Using the food around them, Lian changed the topic. "Man, I should have taken that elective. IS THERE A CULINARY ELECTIVE?!"

Kiyoshi jolted at the outburst beside him, higher than the noise around him.

Lian clarified himself, and Kiyoshi said he wasn't sure.

Did Lian want to be with him? No no, he was overthinking. His roommate was so attractive he was already fantasizing.

With their plates packed with food, they slid into a booth a dug in, resuming the idle chatter.

Kiyoshi looked down at the vibration in his pocket. He excused himself. After checking the screen of the brand new phone, he answered the call. Kiyoshi spoke a few sentences in Japanese, ending the conversation a minute later.

"Something up?" Lian asked, popping the p.

Kiyoshi looked up from Lian's lips. "Um, yes." He pondered over his following words. "My boyfriend is coming."

Lian made an o with his mouth, "Great! Can't wait to meet him."

Kiyoshi let out a sigh he didn't notice he was holding. Lian didn't seem intimidated, or... Kiyoshi wasn't sure where these assumptions came from.

Hearing his name, Kiyoshi turned. A young Japanese man closed in, sending a suspicious glance to his companion.

"Roommate-san?" Kei asked in a similar Engrish accent.

Kiyoshi nodded stiffly, straightening his posture. He was about to present them when Lian, the casual extrovert, did it himself.

"Nice to meetcha! You're the boyfriend?"

Keima nodded with a smug smile, puffing his broad chest. Kiyoshi squirmed and asked Lian if he could eat with them.

Keima slipped in the booth before dashing to get some food.

Upon Kei's return, Kiyoshi asked, "Did you meet your roommate?"

"Yeah, he was already there," Keima answered, splitting the chopsticks. "Does roommate-san knows Japanese?"

"Yup, a little. If he doesn't get it, I'll help."

"Cool, hey, Rian," he called.

The other brunet met Keima's gaze. "That's me! What's up?"

"What are you studying?" Keima blurted in full-on Japanese.

"I'm majoring in Entertainment Design!"

Kiyoshi had already asked the same question. He was glad Lian understood.

Keima threw a glance at Kiyoshi, who translated for his roommate. "It's basically art for entertainment purposes, like anime."

Lian returned the question to Keima. He chose Sports Management, keeping close to his interests. Kiyoshi commented to himself it was fitting, unsurprising, and boring.

His boyfriend's body was tight and bulky in the right places. He also chose to keep playing soccer in college.

The conversation turned to sports. Broken sentences here and there built a thin bridge of mutual understanding.

Kiyoshi sat back from the talk, focusing on the flavors and ingredients in his meal. His life priorities were different now. There was no need to involve himself in sports anymore.

The day drew to a close to a chilly night. Kiyoshi dragged himself away from his roommate's side to meet up with his boyfriend.

They sat on a bench near the dorm, catching each other up on the day's events.

"He's like you when you were little!" Keima laughed. "Tense and shy, worried he would say something wrong. You two would get along!"

Kiyoshi smiled diplomatically. Meeting another introvert didn't sound like a bad idea. "Then as big Kiyoshi, I want to ask you to take care of him."

Keima, leaning his elbows on the headrest, waved his hand. "Yeah, yeah." He stopped, tone raising as if he had recalled a joke. "Wait, he's actually older than us!"

"He's. . . twenty-one?"

"Yeah. Finished some degree in his country. How old is Lian?"

"A year older than us," Kiyoshi said.

"Nineteen, huh. . . Theo said most high school graduates are eighteen."

"Well, school is different here. It starts in August or September after summer vacation."

"So weird." Keima grimaced, sticking his tongue out.

Their voices fizzled out. Kiyoshi listened to the sounds of the night. The bugs, and whatever other creatures scurried this land.

"That's not the sound of cicadas," Keima murmured, as quiet as a rustle of leaves.

Kiyoshi felt Keima's fingers slide across the back of his palm, hand setting on top of his. It sent a shiver up Kiyoshi's spine. He looked at Keima, his life-long friend turned boyfriend, and relaxed.

Gazing at Keima's fond jade green eyes, his arousal receded. He turned his hand upside down, intertwining their fingers.

"We made it, huh?"

"Uhn, thanks to all the people that supported us."

Keima threw his head back and lifted the corner of his mouth. "Can't believe we're actually here. We can hold hands in public. We. . . We can be free."

---

Next: [[40.01 Chapter 2_ College is Stressful when You Don't Know the Language_Bro, You Can't Run Away From Your Problems]]
